What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

1) Intializing a repository lets Git know where you would like to store the 
commits and commit related files

2) You need to initialize a repository or Git will not know which files you
would like to use its commands on

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

1) The staging area allows one more layer of confirmation before commiting your file to the repository

2) The staging area is in between the repository and the working directory, and
any files you put there will not be moved to the repository until you commit them.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

1) You can compare the staged version of your file, or files, to the last commit
and make sure you are not adding too much or too little at a time.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

1) Adding a new branch would help if you want to add an experimental feature
to your project that you do not want in the master version before further testing.

2) A new branch could also be used for another version of the game.

3) Branches are helpful when you do not want to overwrite the master files.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

1) Diagrams allow you to see exactly where each branch goes and where it 
came from.

2) Branches help you visual the concept of having parent commits.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

1) When you merge a branch, whichever branch you currently have checked out will
be the branch that the changes are commited to

2) After merging branches the commits from each branch get put in order by 
timestamps

3) The diagram has arrows pointed to each branch that the new merged branch
came from, and those become parent branches of the new branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

1) Pro: Automatic merging can save you a lot of time by not having to look over 
every line of the merged files

2) Con: If there are not merge conflicts, but there is an error in your code
that you did not previously see, it will still be commited.


